docs: Refine "Compiler architecture" (#2341)
PrQL/prql: web/book/src/internals/compiler-architecture.md

# PRQL Compiler Architecture

The PRQL compiler operates in the following stages:

1. **Lexing & Parsing**: PRQL source text is split into tokens with the Chumsky

>    parser named "lexer". Stream of tokens is then parsed into an Abstract Syntax

Author: ```suggestion
   parser named "lexer". The stream of tokens is then parsed into an Abstract Syntax
```

# PRQL Compiler Architecture

The PRQL compiler operates in the following stages:

> 1. **Lexing & Parsing**: The PRQL text is split into tokens and a parse tree is
>    built. This parse tree is then converted into an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST)
>    using the `ast` module. The Chumsky parser is utilized for parsing, and the
>    AST is constructed in `parser.rs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Lexing & Parsing**: PRQL source text is split into tokens with the Chumsky parser named "lexer". Stream of tokens is then parsed into an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST).
```
